
friday, jan 30th, 2015, 4:46pm:

this is a do over of kedditv1. Reason I am doing a do over is because I have
a problem with my kedditv1, so rather than wait around and try to get help from
others, I'm starting a new project with everything working, and continuing forward. 
Everything is working, and hopefully my issue with the users class for my user model
that I was having in kedditv1 will be avoided this time around. 

Also doing this over again because I wasn't backing my stuff up enough in kedditv1, and
so there's a big gap between the latest backup and the one before it.


Monday Feb 2nd, 2015, 8:09pm 


NOT done: 

-so you hit the "create my account button"...this takes you to the create page. Page doesn't know what
to do, has filled in forms, but doesn't say anything. if you hit "back",I dunno. I guess I should somehow
set it up so that if you go back, that those fields are then cleared.

note: Skipping basic requirements (such as length) for passwords.The field itself will only take about 20
or 30 characters, 

done: 

sign up form otherwise basically works. 

nothing too special sadly. 

-will tell you if user name entered meets the requirements. 

-will tell you if passwords match up. 

-won't let you submit if passwords don't match up up, or if user name is already taken (or doesn't
meet the requirements)

-password meter (to say how strong password is) 

slight change of topic: 

when you sign in, you get redirected to the front page, and a personalized greeting shows up. 

when a person signs up for the first time, they are automtically logged in, send to the front
page, and given said personalized greeting. 

Tuesday Feb 3rd 2015, 3:24 AM

basically have submitting comments working. user can submit, and see a history of their comments). :-)

Sunday, February 8th, 6:34pm

users can now sign up with something like Mike1, but then sign in with something like
mike1. Or mIKE1. That is to say, case doesn't matter. 

Monday, February 9th 3:48am 

can submit posts, and have them pop up immediately on the page (via ajax)

can delete posts (via a delete button) and have them immediately removed (again, ajax) 

Friday February 13th 10:19pm 

on a page called testing_page (a page that you get a link to on the front page only if you're signed in)
a signed in user can see all of their posts, submit a post, delete a post, edit a post, and cancel changes
to a post. These are all of the basic features that a user needs to participate in a forum. 

All changes done, are, via ajax, done on both user side AND server side. Any changes are done dynamically/instantaniously,
and so up immediately on the page that the user is performing the changes on. 

Tuesday, February 17th, 10:45pm. 

have implemented subreddits (aka subKeddits) so now I can have things like r/technology (though on my site it would 
be sub_keddit/technology) forums in that subKeddit (aka sub_keddit/technology/check_out_this_cool_machine) and threads
in that particular forum. example:

"omg this looks so cool!"
-jake123

"looks soooo stupid!" 
-tom45

Tuesday Feb 24 02:04:40 AM 2015

got the delete button finally fixed and working. 

errors with it right now: doesn't use  post_id_rel_to_user. Uses ID instead. 

this error is in: 

all_requirements_for_mod_of_post_met

and 

modifyPost

also need to fix the password_digest so that's it's in use (use hartl book to see how to
implement it manually). 


